You are watching a life-impacting message preached by Bishop Richard Iey.
Bishop Richard Iey is the pastor of the First Love Church London, a denomination founded by Bishop Dag Hewitt Mills.
The First Love Church is full of zealous young people who love and desire to work for the Lord.
You will be encouraged and uplifted as you listen to this powerful message.
Hi everyone, thank you so much for tuning in to the First Love Church London Covenant Sunday service.
Today's service promises to be a special one as we have crossed into the new year and we're here on the first Sunday of the month in the best way possible, right here in the house of God.
We are so excited for today's lovely service.
It promises to be a blessed one, an exciting one and a life-changing one.
So for everybody watching, make sure you don't go anywhere.
Stay tuned and your life will be blessed.
You can expect to see so many wonderful ministrations from the Greater Love Gospel Choir, the Dancing Stars, Singing Stars and of course the life-changing Word of God will be preached today.
So make sure you incline your ear and listen to everything that has been said because you will truly be blessed.
Why not invite somebody to also watch this message with you?
You can share this link with them so that they can also be blessed.
will be here live all afternoon, so leave a comment.
Let us know what you're being blessed by and share with anybody that you know as this service can be watched globally.
I'm so excited for the service and I'm sure that you are too.
So without much further ado, welcome to First Love Church London.
Are you ready to get started?
Are you sure?
I have to remember not to go to this side.
Are you ready to get started?
You see they're not even trying.
They don't want me to come back.
So... Well, it's one of my favorite times in the service.
It's testimony time.
And you want to put your hands together and welcome our sister, Samantha, to share a beautiful testimony with us.
Wow.
She has some 2020 hair that she's done.
It's really 2020.
Okay, amen.
Tell us who you are and where you're from.
Hi, everyone.
My name is Samantha and I'm from Kingston Centre and Great Love Prayer.
Kingston Centre and the Greater Love Choir.
And what's your testimony about
My testimony is about how through receiving the prophecies by our prophet, Bishop Dakey with Nils, I was blessed with a great job as a start to my career in nutrition.
Wow, blessed with a great job.
Okay, so tell us where it starts.
So a couple of months ago, I was coming to the end of my masters and everything was looking dry in terms of my application for jobs.
It was looking dry.
My purse was looking dry.
So it was looking dry.
Can you just explain what you mean by looking dry?
So I was applying for jobs but I wasn't successful and so my student loan was also finishing.
How many of you have been there before?
Your student loan is finishing.
It's not easy.
Okay.
And so
In center service, we were coming across a series called It is a Great Thing to Serve the Lord.
And as I was studying the chapter, to preach at center service, I was... For to preach?
Okay.
So as you were studying the chapter...
I was studying the chapter and I said, Lord, if it is a great thing to serve the Lord, you will have prosperity.
Why is it now?
I'm not feeling quite prosperous.
The jobs...
The jobs are not working.
The applications are not successful.
Like I said before, my purse was looking dry.
So how can I preach with conviction that it is truly a great thing to serve the Lord.
You will have prosperity.
So while that was happening, I was still applying for jobs.
And I prayed that out of those applications, I will receive, I will get an interview.
And out of that interview, I would get a job.
And so I prayed.
and by the grace of God, I got two interviews for Thursday, Thursday morning.
So the night before those interviews, I was listening to a message by Bishop Diakiu and Mills.
Why few are chosen, part five.
All of it was helping for the preparation for the message.
It's a great thing to serve the Lord.
See the connection, okay.
And so, yes, I was listening to the podcast and exactly three hours, 46 minutes.
That's exactly three hours, 46 minutes.
Prophet prophesied that all our appointments and all our interviews will go well.
And I received it with faith that my interviews will go well and my appointments will go well in Jesus' name.
So what happened when you went for the interview?
So when I went to my first interview, the CEO was there.
The line manager was there.
And a specialist in nutrition was there as well.
And so I was a bit nervous because the CEO is there and a nutrition specialist.
The nutrition specialist was also there.
And so the interview went really well.
And so I was making my way to my second interview and I got a call.
And the call was from the line manager saying that the CEO absolutely loved me.
And that he wants me to be part of the team.
So I said, wow, that's amazing.
And so he said, what is your salary expect?
Like what do you expect for your salary?
I remember saying that in the interview, I expected 20K, which was very silly of me because I was trying to be humble, basically.
I was trying to be humble.
And so he went quiet and he said, OK, we're offering you 30K.
So they were offering you £10,000 more than what you were expecting.
I think you should be clapping.
May God exceed your expectations in 2020.
So how would you encourage everybody that's heard this powerful testimony?
What I would like to encourage everyone is when they say message Mondays or when you see it on Instagram that there's message Mondays, you hear your shepherd saying listen to the podcast, your pastor saying listen to the podcast, Richard Richard even mentioning listen to the podcast.
There are prophecies lying there in those messages and when you receive those prophecies, believing in those prophecies, you will surely be blessed.
Wow, clap for Samantha for such a beautiful testimony.
Would you like one more?
I feel like I want one more too.
I like the testimonies from the Greater Love Gospel Choir, you know.
I'm realizing
I actually have one more person from the Greater Love Gospel Choir.
Let's welcome our brother James to share a powerful testimony.
Wow.
Brother James.
So this is brother James from the Greater Love Gospel Choir.
Looking very smooth in white.
Tell us what your testimony is about.
Once again, my name is James from the Greater Love Choir.
My testimony is about how through the Ministry of the Prophet, Bishop Daki Wood Mills, the relationship with my father was restored.
Wow.
So tell us where it all starts.
Yes, so growing up, I didn't really have a very good relationship with my father.
There were times he would be around.
There was a season he was not around.
and then he came back by the grace.
And even though he came back, I still had this sense of resentment towards him.
It was so bad I was even planning to change my last name.
To my mother's maiden name.
And then back in 2013, the Prophet was preaching a series on voices, which is basically about how God can speak to you through different voices.
And that particular Sunday he was preaching about the voice of the Father.
And he was talking about how you should see the Father in your life as a blessing.
Because if you don't see it that way, it will be a curse.
And he was talking about how God can actually speak to you through your Father.
Even if your Father might not necessarily be good in your terms.
And he said something that really pricked me.
And he said that perhaps
you having the type of father in your life is God's way of telling you how you should not be when you become a father.
Now, just to be clear, it's not like I'm saying that my father was a bad person.
Just to be clear.
Okay.
So just to be clear.
Just to be clear.
I'm not saying that my father was a bad person but when he said, when the prophet said that I was pricked.
You were pricked?
Yes.
What do you mean you were pricked?
At that very moment, I was sitting down, for some reason, the whole room went quiet.
Even though it wasn't quiet.
It wasn't quiet.
But it was quiet in your mind.
In my mind.
Because you were thinking.
Yes.
And the Holy Spirit was working.
Wow.
OK. And then after that, I just decided to, my perception of my, towards my father changed.
And I really decided to develop a proper relationship with him.
Back then I used to just think of him as a financial sponsor.
But now how has your perception changed?
Now I see him much more than that and it's been a blessing.
I can have conversations with him where
He speaks into my life.
He can advise me.
He's creating opportunities for me.
Some of the advice he gives me, surprisingly, is not very different from the advice that the prophet is given to us in his messages and Bishop Richard, Bishop Richard's messages as well.
So I was really blessed.
And especially like just this past week, there was a situation that with regards to a training course I was supposed to do for the sake of the career I wanted to go into.
And I knew very well that it was going to cost a bit of money.
And I was just speaking to my dad about it casually.
And he just said that he'll sort it out for me.
Nice.
May your father say that he'll sort it out for you.
So how would you encourage anybody that's heard your testimony that maybe has a troubled relationship with their parents?
Yeah, all I want to say is that there is indeed a blessing.
The Bible says in Ephesians chapter 6 verse 2,
Honor thy father and mother, that it may be well with thee.
And I'm here to tell you that indeed it shall be well with you.
And the second thing I would want to want to say is that there's a reason why our bishop is always encouraging us to listen to the prophet's messages, even old messages, because you'd be surprised at that.
Something that is not going well in your life, the answer might be in that message.
Beautiful.
Clap for our brother, James.
for such a powerful testimony.
I love the greater love testimonies.
And do you know what I also love?
I love it when they sing.
So I want you to put your hands together and let's welcome the greater love, gospel choir.
Yeah.
Out the house, I need to catch me a check
That was yet another incredible message.
I feel so revived, refreshed, and ready for the week ahead.
Wow.
Oglour be to God, man.
I pray you have a blessed week.
Please let me know when you get home, okay?
Make sure to message me.
Thank you, Pastor.
Pastor.
Matthew.
How are you?
Can I just say, great word.
Great word.
I enjoyed
Every moment of today's service, from the beginning, all the way to the end.
We thank God, we thank God.
I just want to introduce you, Liz, Pastor.
Pastor, this is my work colleague, Liz.
Yeah, I invited her today for the first time, and she really enjoyed it, didn't you?
Yes, I've been looking for a church for quite some time now, and I love to pray some worship.
Me too, me too.
That's fantastic to hear.
I hope that means we'll be seeing you again sometime soon.
Yes, definitely.
I'll make sure she's around.
I'll make sure.
Thank you, Pastor.
Go bless.
It's very nice to meet you.
Take care.
Have a blessed week.
Thank you.
Give me a second.
I'll catch up with you.
So, what do you think?
What do you mean?
What do I think?
I mean,
Does she look, you know, stable?
She just came to church for the first time this week.
I think we'd better discuss this during the week, okay?
Yes, because you're holding up the queue.
I'll text you.
Pastor, I've just come to let you know that I'm leaving.
Oh, I'm leaving.
Well, service is finished, so that's kind of what I'd be expecting.
Have a blessed week.
I'll see you.
No.
I mean, I'm leaving the church.
Oh.
I know it's the first Sunday of the year and all, but I thought to myself, what's the use of dragging it out?
I might as well just get things over with now.
And may I ask why it is that you're leaving?
Well, I just don't think that
This is the place for me.
You know?
I mean, how effectively are you, pastor, addressing the issues that are really relevant to this congregation?
I see.
How do you mean?
There are so many different groups that aren't being catered to.
like single mothers.
One of the most volatile groups in our society.
Don't you see them crying out in our midst for special care?
I just don't understand how something hasn't been done yet.
I see.
No, you don't see.
Because you haven't been a single mother before, have you?
Maybe if you had, you would be creating the provision they need.
It's that soon.
Black business owners.
Where is the attention that they need?
Black lives matter, pastor.
And black Christians certainly do too.
And I certainly believe that.
Well, it doesn't seem that your burden
extends that far.
I mean, what about aspiring politicians in the church?
When will we have a ministry that caters to politics?
Do you even think about these things?
You seem very, very passionate about all these things.
And I agree.
There are many, many different groups that exist in the church.
I know I'm right.
That's why I said it.
But what you've forgotten is that all these different groups that exist in the church, why are they here?
They're saved so they can save others who are just like them.
You're so busy criticizing what goes on inside these walls that you forgot Jesus has called us to go outside.
But what I'm trying to say is that if we can just... No ifs, no buts.
Pastor, I really just...
The main thing is still the main thing.
Do you want to fulfill your extracurricular activities mission or the Great Commission?
I'll see you next week.
Everything all right?
Yes, yeah, fine.
Okay, great.
I'll catch you next week.
Esther, wait.
You're a center leader, right?
Yes, I am.
Why?
So you like lead people to Christ and stuff?
By the grace of God.
Would you mind maybe telling me a little bit more about it?
I think I'm interested.
Sure!
Well, my favorite is how we can fix our facial hair.
I'm sorry.
Clap one more time for the film stars.
Are you going to fulfill an extracurricular activities mission?
But are you going to fulfill the Great Commission?
How many of you are going to...
I think only two people said that, Dejan.
I feel like actually this side, I think they changed.
I think the message works.
How many of you, we've had some singing, we've had some acting.
How many of you would like to see some dancing?
I mean, I don't know.
No?
Okay.
Let's clap our hands and welcome the Dancing Stars.
Move, move me.
Spirit of the Lord is born.
Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye Aye
one right now he wants to give you love
There's a way that's symmetrical to Emmanuel At the end there are other ways of death Broke that you must be born again Broke that you must be born again Make you change your mind Soon Jesus is coming again Sister, you must be born again Sister, you must be born again Make you change your mind Soon Jesus is coming again
Stop.
Institute for
Jesus the savior of the world, the savior of your life.
Well, it's the first Sunday of 2020 and I'm feeling blessed to be in such a beautiful church.
I want you to be upstanding because we're about to hear our first message of 2020 from our very own pastor.
The Bible says that faith comes by hearing and hearing by what?
Hearing by
today as you receive the word of God, I believe that you will have enough faith to carry you throughout 2020 and beyond.
Amen.
So with a shout on to Jesus and a round of applause, let's welcome our pastor, Bishop
Give your two hands and just pray to God that in the year 2020, may you serve Him.
May you live for Him.
May you do His will.
Commit yourself into His hands.
With every eye closed, then two hands lifted up to Him in surrender.
Give yourself to Him that this year, throughout the year,
Lord, I want to serve you.
Lord, I want to live for you.
Lord, I want to do your will.
I gave myself to you.
More than I've ever.
I yield myself to you.
In the year 2020, Lord, have more of me.
Take more of me, Lord.
Pray to Him.
Speak to Him.
Thanking you.
Thanking you, Lord.
Father, we thank you.
Thank you for a new year.
Thank you for a new season.
Thank you for a new face.
Thank you for all that it means, Lord.
Thank you that every good gift and every perfect gift comes from you, Lord.
receive all that you have for us in this year, Lord.
This year, O God, use us more.
Fail us more.
Direct us more.
Let us cause us to see more, to hear more, to believe more and to know more.
Lord, may we be vessels
that are pleasing to you, vessels that are pleasing to you.
Take pleasure in us.
May you find us pleasing to you, Lord.
Help us to serve you.
Help us to work for you.
And now, O God, I pray, committing this service into your hands.
Let your perfect will be done.
I bind every foreign spirit.
I bind every wicked spirit.
I bind every devil and every demon.
I bind every confused mind.
I declare you cannot function in this room.
You cannot operate in this room.
You cannot be here with us.
In the name of Jesus.
And I pray Holy Spirit, feel us.
Thank you Lord for understanding hearts.
and believe in hearts, Lord.
Help us today as we hear your word to do your will and to believe in your word.
I give you thanks and I give you praise in Jesus' name and everybody said amen.
Amen.
But bless you, take your seats.
Fantasticly beautiful.
Happy new year to all of you.
And good to see all of you too.
Hope you've entered the new year with joy.
Are you happy with 2020 so far?
You are even going to be happier.
In the year 2020, you will never say yesterday was better.
It is things are going to get better and better and better day by day, day by day, day by day.
Everything will be better.
You will not have to say yesterday was good because it is going to get better.
It's a better 2020.
You're going to have better jobs.
You're going to have better relationships.
You're going to have better what?
Better grades.
Your resource will be far better than you've ever seen before.
Your beloved that left you last year.
You will have a better beloved this year.
Yes.
Your center is going to be better.
Your center will be even better.
Amen.
The anointing on your life
shall be better.
Amen.
You'll be more anointed this year.
You'll be stronger spiritually this year.
Amen.
You have new spiritual gifts this year.
It's a better year.
Amen.
Receive it.
You have a better job.
Amen.
Your pocket will be better.
Your bank accounts will be better.
I declare over your life your experiences in 2020 shall only be pleasant.
You will only have pleasant experiences.
Everything will be good for you.
there will be no day this year where you will say yesterday was better.
It's going to get better and better and better and better and better all the way to 31st December.
You only have better experiences.
Happy new year.
Take your seats.
Yes.
If you like watch, tomorrow will be better than today.
You will wake up and say to yourself, I've never seen such a nice Monday.
What Monday is this that feels so good?
Tomorrow will feel good.
Tuesday will feel better.
If Wednesday will feel sweet, you will never know it better yesterday.
It's going to get better and better and better and better and better and better.
Receive it.
It is yours.
Take your seats.
This is going to be your best birthday.
I don't know how old you are going to be this year.
But this year on your birthday, the feeling will be good.
It will be nice.
It will be sweet.
There will be no regrets.
There will be no disappointments.
There will be no pain.
You'll be so happy on your birthday.
I tell you, you wish your birthday was today.
Because it's going to be nice.
Happy birthday to you already.
Because it's going to be practically a happy birthday.
Yes, you'll be very happy on that.
It's a year of better things.
Better things.
Your center meeting shall be full.
No.
I hear another word.
The word is not full.
The word I hear is your center meeting shall be packed.
It shall be packed.
Yes, it shall be packed.
sit down, sit down, sit down.
It will be packed.
So if you are not a center leader yet, apply to become one.
Because it's a year of
are going to be packed.
Wow.
Be a little.
Well, happy new year again.
Happy new year.
Are you ready to be happy this year?
Yes.
Because you are going to be happy.
you'll be happy with your results.
You'll be thankful.
You'll say, wow.
Wow.
Is this me?
It shall be you.
Amen.
It's going to be you.
It's going to be you living a blessed life.
Amen.
And enjoying a blessed life.
Walking in blessed, in a blessed life.
Amen.
You'll be, you'll be happy.
Happy new year.
Happy birthday.
Everything shall be happy.
Yes.
It's a happy time for you.
It's going to be a happy time.
Happy, happy Sundays.
Happy beloved dozen.
Happy, happy marriage.
a year, the year of the Great Commission.
So turn your bibles to Obadiah.
Why?
Is Obadiah not in the Bible?
the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision of
on Mount Zion to judge the mount of Israel and the kingdom shall be the Lord's and Saviour's shall come up on Mount Zion.
You shall become Saviour's of men.
Saviour's of men.
So make sure you go into your mercaries and find the book
Make yourself saviours of men.
Make sure that you possess that book because it's our year, the great commission.
This year you'll be serious with God more than you've ever been before.
Your amen is not as loud as the other ones.
They have to be serious with God.
Dead serious.
Don't continue fooling.
Secret fooling, private fooling.
Because the truth is that you can only fool yourself.
Did you know that?
You didn't know.
You just learned it.
You can only fool yourself.
Have you seen how when you go to uni?
Your parents are not there.
Nobody is there.
And you are fooling.
And they check on you.
And you say, no, everything is OK.
I'm fine.
You even say, I'm even in the library.
So anytime you are saying those things, just remember that there's a day.
There's a day.
It's not called Judgement Day, but it's Judgement Day called Graduation.
That's what your parents do, wear their dress and come and sit there.
And they'll watch the judgment.
as the people are being called.
This one come for this.
They'll be wondering, oh.
They'll be wondering, ah, but my daughter, she told me she was doing this, but she was doing another course.
Have I told you that story before?
Have you told you that story?
No, no.
Okay.
Have you told you that story?
No, no.
About the woman in the shop with the little child?
No, no, no.
Having told you?
No, no.
One day?
One day.
A certain somebody.
Was in the shop.
I think it was Tesco.
Tesco.
Either.
I think it was Tesco.
It was Tesco, isn't it?
Tesco.
Yes.
And this person was busy doing hair shopping.
It was a lady.
Just ladies are more inquisitive.
So they notice more things.
She was busy doing her shopping.
She had this elder, not so elderly, not so elderly, but her hair agreed a bit.
She had a shouting degree.
Degree, degree, where are you?
Look, degree, I'm tired of running around.
And then suddenly, a little girl, little girl, about two years old, escapes towards this elderly woman.
I'm here, I'm here.
It comes.
Said, why are you doing that degree?
So, this other person who is shopping was wondering,
What kind of name is this?
What manner of salutation is this?
So she said to the woman, excuse me.
Excuse me.
Can I ask you a question?
She said, yes, it's like, this woman is attending to a guy and someone is like, what is this?
Are you looking for whether Chin Chin is in the shop or what are you looking for?
I've never heard anyone call degree before.
Why did you name this little girl degree?
Said, oh, it's a long story.
But, you know, I have this daughter who I sent to the university.
She went to university.
And everybody who goes to university comes back with a degree.
But this is what she came back with.
So I decided that anything that you come back with from a university is called a degree.
So that's a degree.
This was her award based on the activities she was doing.
She majored on an activity and this is what it brings.
So they called that degree.
degree.
So, I'm saying to you that this year, be serious with God.
Anything you're doing, and you see at the end of the day, you see that it's on you.
How many of you are doing things that we feel like we are punishing somebody or we are making a point to somebody?
Before I realize it's you.
If you realize, what have I done?
One day, I think I've only done that once in my life.
I don't have to do it again.
But if I have to, I will.
When they advised somebody that leave the church, it was advice.
I was giving advice.
Advice that sounds like an instruction.
But it was advice.
I said leave the church because everybody is happy.
And you are not happy.
And you are backsliding, you are distraught.
And it's a church.
It's a church.
It's not like, it's not, what is it not?
No.
Yes.
Maybe football.
It's not like, it's not like you signed a contract that you are waiting for.
You know, you have a January transfer window before you come.
Yes.
There's no, there's nothing binding.
Oh, Jim.
Everybody had their problem in life, you know.
You can't even go to any other church anymore.
So I said, quickly, early, rather go to that at the well when they are praise ago.
You can also stand up and say, preach, but you've become like, you're baptized in them.
No, lemon juice is nice, you know.
Lemon is not that.
There are some things that are really bitter.
I mean, there's no, what I know that is better was a certain type of medicine that was given to us when I was growing up, to control malaria.
Yes.
It was, it was.
The syrup, the syrup was called Malarex.
And then when you cross a certain age,
They give you the tablet.
That's called chloroquine.
I mean, I mean, I mean, make sure you swallow it and not taste it.
Because if you taste it, everything will come out of your stomach.
Everything will come out.
So you have to make sure that I don't know how you do it, but you have to say it goes down.
It goes down.
That was bitter.
If you want to know something that's called beta, that thing is beta.
That thing is beta.
Even when you are getting malaria, you say, no, I'm not, I'm strong.
Because of that, he said, no, no, no, I'm well.
I'm well, I'm well.
There's no problem with me.
You see, your mother said, you've got temperature or no, I think it's a sun.
The sun or something, I mean, I'm well.
You have to.
You also have to look after yourself.
And I'm saying to you that be serious with God this year.
Be serious with them.
Don't joke.
Don't act.
Don't play around.
Be serious with God.
Become a savior.
A savior of men.
Let souls come to Jesus because of you.
Amen.
Anybody that you meet, let that person know Jesus Christ.
and fall.
Let make that person fall in love with Jesus.
Let it be your aim.
Let it be your aim and your dream.
That anybody, anybody that you meet, that person will fall in love with Jesus.
Let that be the covenant you make with Jesus today with God today.
That anybody I meet, that person will fall in love with Jesus.
Not that person will fall in love with you.
Jesus first.
First Jesus.
So, you know, the great commission, the great commission as we've heard it, were like the last words of Jesus, his last instructions that we see in Matthew chapter 28.
That's 19, that's 20.
The last words is what this missionary to China had sent Taylor.
described as the great commission.
Yes, because there's no words great commission in the Bible.
It's just the words of Jesus, the last words of Jesus, like the last commission that is called the great commission.
And the term great commission was introduced by Hudson Taylor.
He called it great commission.
And you see when you read the Bible, Matthew, Mark, all the way to Revelation, you see that these apostles,
a whatnot that wrote the Bible.
They were very, very, very, very serious about the last words of Jesus.
It wasn't a joke to them.
They were dead serious about it.
That everything they teach, you see, they'll teach this, teach about this, teach about that, teach about that.
But they'll always conclude with a great commission, the last words of Jesus.
That this then is something that you must do.
This is what you must do.
So you see, after the church, after the church, everything we do, we do this, we do that.
We do that.
The main thing that we have to do is to fulfill the great commission, to convert sinners to Jesus, to lead people to Christ, to make people fall in love with Christ.
Not for us.
It should never be said about us that we are worldly.
It's that we like the world.
It's how we feel.
It's like when you're... Because there are some people when they are a little wealthy, they think they call it cool.
That's what they call cool.
It's like when you're wealthy.
But when you're wealthy, you are closer to hell.
If not going to hell.
But they have different ways of describing it.
It's like a good church on Sundays, but you see the rest of the week, it's like I'm some cool guy.
Some cool guy, it's like I'm some... You see, you're not cool.
You are a sinner going to hell.
Please.
So this church that you are in, that we are all in, that we are all blessed to be in, is a church that is fully committed to the great commission.
We guide
You see, if you like joke and come around, come close a little bit, just come close a little bit.
You discover that, hey, you are being asked that, can you preach?
Yeah, you have to preach.
You have to win some souls.
You have to, you know, you've got to, if like this, let us know your name.
Just know your name, let us know you a little bit.
You see, if you're like, look, you have to start turning souls to Jesus.
because of the last words of Jesus.
He said, go ye therefore and teach on.
He said, you have to pray.
He said, you have to pray that we never change.
Yes, you have to pray.
You have to pray.
It's have to be one of your prayer topics that we should never change.
Yes.
Even when it's difficult for you to obey it, you have to pray that, look, it's true.
It's true.
It's real.
It's the most important thing to do.
It's the most important thing to hear.
To say, go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.
I think that's what we read on the 31st night, isn't it?
Today, I want to read someone else's account of the Great Commission.
And I think that I'll choose, I'm choosing the book of James.
James.
Not that James.
The Apostle James.
Yes.
James.
James has five chapters.
Did you know?
No.
He has five chapters.
And the fifth chapter has twenty verses.
So in James chapter five and verse twenty,
It says that brethren, if any of you do err from the truth and one convert him, let him know that he which converted the sinner from error, from the error of his way shall save a soul from death and shall hide a multitude of sins.
This is conclusion.
from James chapter one talks about this, chapter two talk about that, three talked about that, four talked about different things and this is end.
Let him know that he which converted the sinners.
It's like, so you have to know that there's something that is called conversion of the heathen.
Conversion of the sinners.
You see when you come to church,
even though we are talking, you have to be safe.
You say, you, you as a Christian say, we're always battling that you'll be fully converted.
That you'll be changing and becoming better.
Look, one of the things you should pray about is never to become hardened.
See, when you become hardened, you are stuck.
You are stuck.
And never think, never think that there will be somebody to blame.
There's nobody to blame.
It is you.
When you are, is it one day, one Sunday morning?
It was a Sunday morning.
I got a call from a certain lady that she's had a fight with her husband this morning.
So as she was on the phone screaming and shouting, I was also trying to resolve the problem.
Okay, so what happened?
I was trying to solve it.
Look, at a point, she said to me that, Pastor, you don't seem to understand what I'm saying.
I said, hey, what is the problem?
I said, okay, maybe I've missed something.
Can you say it again?
Because the husband had threatened to kill her.
So I was trying to calm her down that he won't kill you.
He's not a killer.
I was trying to talk.
They said, OK, bring him to the phone.
Yes.
I mean, I was trying to stop the whole problem before they dress up and come to church.
They were dressing up and they started fighting.
That's why you see people in church.
You don't know what has happened before they have arrived.
Because you are young.
You will never have such an experience.
You never fight with your husband on Sunday morning.
The richest wives quarrel with their husbands on Saturdays.
Oh, the husbands quarrel with whoever.
They say, parallel.
Don't worry me.
Sometimes I hear the things in people's minds.
You have to be smarter than Satan.
Some of the problems and issues when it comes up, quickly think about the timing.
That this problem, where is it from?
Because as soon as, you see, as soon as Sunday is over, you see, you are calm, your wife is calm, there's no problem.
So it's like, where did that thing come from on Saturday?
It's not, it's this too.
Get you confused or whacked up.
Say, I won't go to church.
I'm not going to church.
This one, I'll say, I won't go.
I don't even want to go with you.
We call it PPQ.
Pre-preaching quarrel.
PPQ.
He has a pet name.
Yes.
Some of the marital battles are called squirrels.
It's not a dinosaur.
It's a squirrel.
It's like a pet.
You don't kill it.
You don't go all out and take out all your weapons as now everything to kill a squirrel.
Give it some nuts to be quiet.
So some of the problems you have in you, some of them tell me about her problem with her beloved.
I was laughing at her.
I said, this one treats it a problem.
I mean, how can this be a problem?
Do you know the problem?
You remind me about the other one.
They were driving.
You've got a beloved sitting next to you.
When you look, when you turn to your right, when you're in the passenger seat, when you turn to your right, it's not a tiger.
It's not a landless.
It's a human being who loves you.
He's driving.
And you both don't know where you are going.
So you have a satnav.
She says he doesn't like the voice on the satnav.
He should change the voice.
I mean, can you believe it?
Quiet.
So he too, he said he won't change it.
And she said, no, I don't like this voice.
Can you see the voice?
The person says that turn right.
In 300 yards, turn left.
She said she doesn't like the voice.
She doesn't like the lady's voice.
He too, he said he won't change it.
So she got out of the car.
And she's walking in the middle of nowhere, she's going.
are squirrels.
This one is not even as big as it is.
Is this like a hamster?
It's like a hamster.
The hamster you are treating like a dinosaur.
I mean the voice of the lady on the satnav.
Yes.
I like the voice of the person on my satnav.
Choose a play between the different accent centers.
I don't like this one.
So this one, when I'm lost and you are talking, you are nice and you sound more polite.
So anyway, I was telling you about this lady who I called on the Sunday morning.
Yes, Sunday morning.
She said the problem is that he said he would kill me.
I said, no.
I said he would kill you.
Bring it.
Let me talk to you.
He said, that's what he said.
You don't understand what I'm saying.
That's okay.
Okay.
At this point, I give up.
What are you saying?
She said, what I am saying is that tell him that if he was to die, he should die alone.
I am not ready to die.
That was her problem.
The problem is that if you're walking up on Sunday morning and thinking about death, kill yourself.
Don't kill me.
Don't add me to your things.
So sometimes when people have some problems, they are trying to engage others.
They're trying to add other people to it.
Look.
It's too serious to say to somebody that go to hell.
I can't say that.
I would never say that.
But what I'm saying is that, look, you'll be very, very, you'll be surprised that you are responsible for all your things.
You'll be very, very shocked.
You'll think that there will be somebody else, someone else.
You'll be surprised that you are alone.
So James is gonna speak to us today.
Today's just two points.
James has two points.
There's two things to tell us to be serious about this great commission.
All of them, if you read your book, all of them took the words of Jesus, the last words of Jesus.
They took it so, I mean, it's like it meant everything to them, everything to them.
No matter what they do, they'll teach, they'll teach the great commission.
They'll say, though, this one has to be done.
This is what we must do.
We have to preach the gospel.
Sinners must be saved.
Okay, so here we go.
James chapter five, I'm reading from verse 17.
Elias was a man subject to like passions as we are.
And he prayed earnestly that it might not rain.
And it rained not on the earth, but the space of three years and six months.
And he prayed again.
and heaven gave rain and the earth brought forth her fruit.
Brethren, brethren, that is brothers or brothers and sisters, if any of you do err from the truth and one convert him, let him know that he which converted the sinner from the error of his ways shall save a soul from death and shall hide a multitude.
of sins.
Would you like to convert someone from their ways?
Sometimes you see people going off.
You feel like talking to them, talking and explaining things.
Don't do this.
No, be like this.
You know, be this way.
Don't do this.
Don't do that.
Just feel like talking.
Number one, today's just two points.
Did I tell you it's two points?
It's still two.
The first is according to James, a great commission.
A great commission is a commission, is a commission for men with like passions.
Yeah.
Because he points out to us clearly that Elijah was a man with weaknesses and feelings.
Just like all of us.
How many of you have weaknesses and feelings?
Weaknesses and feelings.
You have feelings.
You see, as I'm even asking the question, I can say, you even have a weakness of speaking the truth.
Yes.
It's clear.
It's all clear.
It's right there.
Yes.
Weaknesses and feelings.
And you know, that is one of the things that Satan constantly plays on to paralyze people from serving God.
Because we always think, we always think the anointed has no weakness.
Isn't it?
Amen, if you agree with me.
We always say the anointed has no weakness.
He's not like me.
He doesn't feel, not that he doesn't understand, he understands that.
He doesn't have it.
That is where the difficulty is sometimes even in confiding in someone or speaking to somebody.
Because you feel the person is not like me.
He's too good.
And then do you know what happens?
What happens is that you become an expert at deceiving and lying.
Because now you have to act and pretend.
thinking that if you go real, Satan tells you, if you tell him that's your end, you'll never starve for pulpits again.
If you like, if you like say, if you like say, you told them these people, if you like say, he doesn't know he, can you see how he's so pure, he's so dead, he's so dead.
It's true, we may all not have the same type of weakness.
Do you understand the same time?
I mean, weakness doesn't mean that everybody's a funicator.
Yes, yes.
The non-funicator.
The non-funicator is not perfect.
Funication is not the only sin.
So when yours is funication or pornography, don't grade yourself that you have the worst type of sin.
Everybody has some type of weakness.
even not be smoking or drinking or the things that you will lest.
Yes.
But in the eyes of, in the eyes of God, in the eyes of God, it's a sin.
It's a problem.
It's a weakness.
It's a deficiency.
Yes.
So he said to us that, you know, Elias, he was, he was just like us.
He was just like us.
Yet he was anointed.
Wow.
Yet he had, he had enough faith
to operate in the power of God.
He was just like us.
And one of the best ways or perhaps the best way to drown your weaknesses and your problems and move away from your sins is to get active in the things of God.
Yes, get active.
With your things, with your problems.
With your problems.
That's what Jesus said, come.
Come with your things, come with it.
I tell you.
Should I tell you?
Should I tell you what I want to tell you?
I tell you.
I am more at home and comfortable with people.
People.
People what?
people, people relax, relax, relax, allow.
We are just talking about weaknesses.
I am more at home with people whose
problems I know about.
Yes.
The mystery man.
Mystery man.
Mystery man is very difficult.
I mean, how?
But people think that
When you have the presentation of a mysterious person, you are better, you look better.
I don't know, maybe there are people who prefer that.
But I prefer the real person.
Because of all the people that I know in my life who have ever opened up with their problems, I realize that I don't look down on them.
I rather feel that someone has given me, has reached out to me.
I can't slap the hand.
So I have reached out to me.
I rather feel indebted to the person that look.
I have the problem of even keeping your secret.
Sometimes I wish I don't know, but I prefer to know.
When I say I prefer to know because it's easier to relate with you.
I know that you are just as you are.
There's nothing hidden there.
It's like, this is you.
It's like, hey, this is you.
You know, you can have a friend for years, and you didn't know the person is blind in one eye.
Or deaf in one ear.
You can pick it up for a long time.
You didn't even know what the problem the person has.
The day the person tells you that, look, I can't see in my left eye.
What would you do?
That's how you see it.
It is Satan.
The scripture says that he is the accuser of the brethren.
He is the one who points as people's problems.
Not the Holy Spirit.
And not God.
Not the Holy Spirit, not God.
You see, that's what the scripture says that the wicked fleets when no man pursues.
You see, when usually when people, when people are trying to cover up, lie, deceive, then they, they, they, they switch into a certain mode.
and have a certain stance.
Instead of you be wondering, what's the problem?
Why?
I mean, why are you angry?
What is it?
But the person feels as if they're almost unconscious.
The person feels like, I don't want you to come near.
And then the whole personality changes.
But if you're rather open, it's easier to even relate to it.
It's like, oh, you're the person who got out of the car, isn't it?
it's a it's a weakness but it's okay at least we can help you we can counsel you and advise you we can we can tell you we can tell that what you have is a hamster it's even smaller than the hamster what other pets is there that people can have it's a it's like a toy gun no toy gun yes it's like a toy gun from pound land you doesn't hurt anybody doesn't hurt anything
say it.
You are there.
Get the angry of everything and because you are not open, nobody can help you to point out you that maybe, maybe you have this problem.
So try rather check it.
It's not, it's not him.
It's you.
Your weaknesses must not stop you from preaching.
Yes.
Do you honestly think that Satan is so much interested in that thing that you is taking you out of church?
No.
What is interested in is you out of church.
If this one will take you out of there, he will use it.
Does the scripture says give him no place.
Don't give him the chance to take you out.
Because all he wants is he wants you out of the faith.
He doesn't want you serving God.
He doesn't want you working for God.
Do you know how he celebrates?
I mean, he's really happy and excited when you start folding up on the things of God and the work of the ministry.
I mean, he really gets excited because that's his aim.
That's his aim.
Can you imagine every soul that you save?
Can you imagine the amount of demons that are fired?
Yes.
You see, Randhard Bonke used to say, one of his poplar sayings was, we are going to depopulate hell.
It's that we are sending people to heaven.
So when you are there, you don't even ask, you are working for God, serving God, going on outrage, winning souls.
Satan doesn't like it.
So he checks, what can I do for you to be upset with this church?
This church has given you great commission.
What can I do for you to be upset with the church and leave the church?
Because when you leave the church, your chair, by next week somebody will be sitting on that chair.
Yes.
Somebody will be there.
I went to our other church this morning before coming here.
Master Seed, I want to preach there.
I was looking at it and I said, have you been here?
I think the whole of last year, I'm not even sure that when the, the whole of last, the whole of 2019, I don't even think that I went down the Sunday morning.
But there it is, the whole is full.
And I said, you won't do it.
I'm not there.
After having preached here for one year, now I'm rather looking at the people.
Even the pastors was introducing me.
He was saying that for those of you who don't know who he is, I said, hey, is that where the world has reached?
I almost said, hey, who are those who don't know me?
Time now, day.
of his introduction.
It's like, it's like he has to explain to them who I am.
Can you imagine if it was that I had left the church?
You think that when you leave the church, like everything is going to be, the church is okay.
They have better singers with nicer voices.
I mean, more people.
I said, hey.
I said, wow.
God, when you say you will build your church, you will actually build your church.
You don't need man.
You, I mean, you will build your church.
Whilst mere men, mere men are not understanding spiritual things.
The Satan is trying to take you out.
He's trying to take you out because he doesn't want you to be a soul winner.
So he's trying to take you out.
He's trying to cut you down.
So he's throwing anything that you that can get your attention.
That's I'm pointing out to James is pointing out to us today that your passions, the passions, the feelings, the things that slow you down.
Watch them.
The things that make you feel like no, it's not for me.
You know, when you get to this church, then it's not for you.
No, it is for you.
It is for you.
I say it is for you.
Because you think we all have we all have things that get to us.
We all have things that get to us.
There's some things that when it's said, maybe you will laugh.
But as you are laughing, the same is said to somebody as a person will cry.
You also have things that will get you far more easily to somebody else.
So watch the things that affect you.
Watch your passions, your feelings.
Feelings, the things that upset you.
And don't feel that it's everybody.
You see, when we first started, when we started first love here in the UK, I met some people.
I've met about two or three of them who felt that when you go to uni, like far out, we have to visit you.
because they felt they were abandoned, they were not visited.
So I became very worried about it, that no, just anybody who goes to go to be there.
Then I realized that no, no, the people that have come and go to, they actually don't mind.
They don't mind at all.
They don't mind WhatsApp texts.
I mean, of course, if you visit Nice, it's great.
But it's not a problem.
It's not a problem.
I mean my son went all the way up there up north.
He keeps reminding me, he keeps reminding me that I dropped him off and I left.
He didn't see me again.
It's even like a joke in the house.
Yeah.
And I also say, but you really didn't want me.
What you wanted from me, you are getting it.
So you are okay.
Yes.
So you are fine.
So you see that to somebody, to somebody, I belong to this church.
I've been with them.
Then I went.
It is a problem.
So that person, rather, is the one who has to learn that I have to fix myself.
It's not the church and everybody else who needs fixing.
Because what you are asking for, everybody doesn't want it.
So, your passions, your feelings, your weaknesses, your desires shouldn't stop you from serving God.
Don't let it stop you from serving God.
It should not stop you from serving God.
Some of them would dry out.
Some of them would dry out quickly.
Some of them may be a little bit prolonged, but it shouldn't stop you.
Never wake up when you say to yourself that no, no, I don't, I don't, I don't think that this thing is for me.
It is for you.
I don't think, no, because you are saying that because you think someone else hasn't got your problem.
Even if they don't have the same problem, they have another kind of problem.
Yeah, but you serve him.
He was a man subject to like passions as we are, as we are, as we are.
I mean sometimes you feel unhappy, you feel moody.
Yes, yes.
Yes.
Elijah also heard it.
He didn't feel like talking to anybody.
Yes.
He was the same.
Same, same, same.
Same.
Do you honestly think that Satan is interested in how many messages you respond to in a day?
That's not his game.
His aim is to disconnect you from the church and disconnect you from being active in the church.
So, as you become quiet, you don't say that somebody counted that, look, we've been trying to reach you.
We can't reach you.
They say, yes, these people, you don't even care.
You don't even ask how are you?
How are you?
Even how are you?
You don't even ask.
All you want is your death.
Take your church.
They say, is it demon to be stunted by a saint?
Be upset.
Leave the church.
No more outreach.
Even if you don't leave the church, leave the center.
leave the center.
Leave it.
Yes.
Demons are demons are damp on the shoulder and whispering.
They just leave it.
They are so annoying.
They are so uncaring.
They don't care.
Somebody should guess on what are ready to come.
Are you guys
you.
They say, cool off.
No, cool off.
Cool off.
They say, where where you know where you know the one who had that encounter with the lady last night?
And based on your passions, you are judging yourself based on your passions.
And God is judging you based on his calling.
And based on the power of the spirit in you.
And based on the grace of God on you.
And based on his ability to forgive all sins and all mistakes.
You are thinking of yourself as Superman.
Look at it.
Let me give you the second point quickly.
The second point is that the Great Commission is a commission to convert sinners.
That's what James is saying, that the conversion of sinners saves souls.
The conversion of sinners saves souls.
Who is a sinner?
You see, again, again, like the light passions point.
There are different types of sins.
Everybody who is dead didn't die from the same problem.
You understand?
Everybody who is dead did not die from the same condition.
Some people die from unknown causes.
We don't know if you know.
Like some of you, some of the sins that we don't know.
Why do you think?
Like pride.
Pride.
There are different causes of pride.
Age.
Wealth, riches.
Education and background.
Beauty.
What else?
Marital status, yes.
It's like a marriage.
Especially when you are the only one from your tribe.
When you achieve something that you see that you are the only one who has achieved it.
It feeds
your ego.
So you become proud.
And then there are some people who are proud.
They don't have any of these things.
So the cause is unknown.
Yes.
It's called idiopathic pride.
The cause is unknown.
We can't tell.
Yes.
We don't know what it is.
At no cost.
Why do you even have this problem?
What do you have?
What have you done?
How many souls have you saved?
How many people are in your center?
When you are giving a center, you could even do it.
So what's your problem?
And you don't have money.
So, I mean, why?
even started a church before.
We can we can even pay attention to your comments about how to run a church.
But the last time we remember when you were giving a ministry, you couldn't even do it.
Not even do them.
Even join a ministry.
You couldn't even join.
You see, that's if you can't even join an existing ministry, like join and be part of the ministry and stay.
They can't even do it.
But you see the things they have to say about the person who is trying to keep them
You can't even join.
But you want to be our advisor.
You've made yourself the church dominant comment.
You ought to advise us.
You don't know who he is.
OK, no problem.
You can go and find out who he is.
What was I saying?
What does I say?
Pride.
No, but how did we get here?
No problem.
Converting of a sinner.
That's the next point, converting of a sinner.
So I'm explaining to you that the conversion of a sinner is a great thing.
And when you convert a sinner, you hide a multitude of sins.
And then also, this is the important part, that kind of links even to the first one.
The first one has more to do with his feelings and struggles that you have with him.
You know things that you are battling with that, but nobody knows that.
A nice person like you, a holy looking person like you.
I didn't want to say a holy person because it's a holy looking.
Let me read it.
Some people look holier than others.
Yes.
Like prophets say those who wear spectacles.
Those who wear glasses.
And there were head boys in their schools.
But support wears glasses was head boy in the secondary school.
He looked so holy.
So proper.
I mean, so correct.
I mean, when you are around, you feel like God.
Can I even be next to?
I mean, you've really done well.
I mean, I don't know how you've been feeling, but...
I don't know if you know people who look.
And then Josh has that look as well.
Josh has that look.
Okay, sit down, sit, sit, sit, sit.
And Michael too, isn't it?
Michael too.
Look, it's time to go home.
Time no day, time no day, time no day.
But when you are able to convert a soul, and you are on the mission of converting souls, you hide your sins as well.
Yes.
You hide your sins as well.
Your sins are also covered.
Because you suddenly appear stronger than you really are.
That's what I was asking.
How many of you find anointed people, pastors?
You find them.
It's like they are good.
They have no problem.
How many people find the microphone?
They have no problems.
That's why even San Juan, they are even giving instructions you feel.
He has no problem.
That's why he's telling us we should do this.
Isn't it?
He's all thinking that he has it and has overcome or has overcome it or has muted it in his life.
That issue is muted.
It's there.
It is unresolved.
It's been muted.
That's why he's still, but he appears because he keeps saying, let's do, let's go.
You feel like, yes, he hasn't got to.
You see, you hear people saying that.
If he knew.
Yeah.
If he knew what we are going through.
My life, I've lost two close people.
I don't know why all of them decided to die on a Saturday.
And I had to pitch on Sunday.
First one was my dad.
And then Sunday I was preaching.
And I was thinking that's how I was preaching, because I don't told anybody.
I said, look, that's how I was preaching.
They don't even know.
Because I'm preaching normally, walking normally, preaching, talking to them.
But he's gone.
And he's my father.
He's not like somebody I met at the bus stop.
Because sometimes people feel as though they like their fathers more than you like yours.
Or they are closer to theirs than you are to yours.
Secondly, my sister.
Yeah.
She too, she chose Saturday.
Sort of choosing like Monday or Wednesday or something.
She chose Saturday.
And then they have come again.
Let's welcome our pastor.
He's coming to preach.
Ask the person who is walking there preaching and saying this.
Is somebody sitting there saying that
You don't know if you knew.
But you do if you knew.
So rather giving yourself to God, preaching, serving makes you look stronger than you really are.
It makes you look better than you really are.
Isaiah, I wanted to read an Isaiah.
Yes, let's read it.
No, you cover your own, you cover your own, I'll be back, I'll be back.
Isaiah chapter six, verse five.
Look at this great prophet.
Then said I, what is me for I am undone because I am a man of unclean lips and I dwell in the midst of the people of unclean lips for my eyes have seen the king.
the Lord of all.
This is Isa, the one who gave the prophecy on Jesus' birth.
Or the great, I mean this is the one that Jesus quoted from more than any other prophet.
This one he's saying about himself.
Who is me?
I am undone.
I am a man of unclean lips.
Can you imagine Isa, the prophet says that he has unclean lips.
Not because he swears.
You even swear you've not called yourself unclean lips.
He explains that all the things that you see, it's like, it's a grace of God.
It's a grace of God.
It's the messes of God.
It's the power of God.
So what is, what is therefore the important thing to be able to do to be acceptable to God?
Because if we continue on the saints and the wicked, you say, we're all disqualified.
So what makes us acceptable?
I'll tell you one word, one word, one word.
is your obedience to God.
Wow.
Yes.
That's what the scripture says that they just shall live by faith.
And the scripture says without faith it is impossible to please God.
And what is faith?
Faith is obedience.
And obedience is faith.
When you, when you feel, when you feel you qualify, you are becoming over righteous and proud.
Nobody qualifies.
And that is why you shouldn't overemphasize someone's problems.
Someone's weaknesses, somebody's sense.
You shouldn't.
You shouldn't point out someone's problems too much.
If at all.
You should rather check, because the thing you are discussing, if we are to meet God, now you discover that, hey, it's not on the marking scheme.
What is on the marking scheme is your obedience.
What have you obeyed?
What have you done?
Of all the things it says you do, which of them have you done?
Which of them did you do?
Which of them were you able to do?
The things God has told you to do.
Either through your quiet time, through the preaching, through a message you listened to, through a book you were reading, the things that God has asked you to do.
Which of them have you obeyed?
Even 1% of it.
That we even said that you even tried.
May your heads and your hearts be turned to obeying God.
in 2020, aim to be obedient, be an obedient Christian, more than anything else, more than anything else, more than anything else, more than anything else.
More than, more than I've never done this.
I didn't do this.
I've never kissed here.
I've never jumped here.
I've never, more than, what is it all so few who have never kissed?
What have you done with your non-kissing?
What have you done with your non kissing?
What have you done with it?
How many souls have you saved?
Asking you to do something for God.
It's like pulling out a molar.
It's like it's like it's like a it's like a heckling task.
You just ask you to do something basic.
You will see the excuses, the stories.
And it comes so naturally.
Yes.
It's so natural.
You just start spilling out reasons why you cannot.
Yes.
And yet you call yourself pure.
You see, I'm most surprised the scripture said that he that is.
Julie, I don't understand your laughter.
I'm most surprised the scripture says that
He that is forgiving much, love is much.
So in other words, you always find sinners, bad people, rehabilitated deviance, loving God, working for this sin to have a certain passion because they understand, they know where they've come from.
They know where they've come from.
They know who they are.
It's like, it's such a great privilege, a great privilege to be given something to do.
to go on an outreach, go and preach, go and win a soul.
It's like, it's such a great blessing.
Then you see others who feel they haven't sinned enough.
Commenting on those who are on the battle front.
Tools on the deriver commenting on them.
You know, they once were, it's like, it's almost like, it's almost like there's no time, the little time I was like, it's like God has shown me mercy.
Let me give my best that I can.
Because he that is forgiving.
He loves much.
And they keep coming.
They keep throwing themselves at God.
Keep throwing themselves at God.
They keep throwing themselves.
I want to do more.
I want to do something.
That's why sometimes you see somebody
who also has an equally bad past and forgiven and the person is so I wonder what's the cause of your pride?
What's your cause?
That one is another another day.
Another day, another same one.
Why won't you serve God?
Why won't you run to God?
Why won't why won't you be alive to go here?
And you see Satan is playing on your heart and your mind.
It's making you become a master deceiver.
Remember that thing, you become a master deceiver when you are unrepentant, non-repentant.
You become a master because now you have to act like you are something that you are not.
Your judgment will be great.
It will be great and it will be terrible.
It will be terrible for you.
because deceiving is too much.
Here, look at what the Bible is saying.
Elias has like passions like us.
Just like us.
Same feelings.
Yet he could say it shouldn't rain and it was not raining.
But same feelings.
Same feelings.
Same, same, same, same.
The feeling you've had this morning, he's had some before.
The thoughts you had yesterday, he's had some before.
this past Christmas, Christmas Eve, whatever the thoughts you've had, he's also had some before.
But he's not led by his weaknesses.
He's led by the power of God.
That's where his faith is.
And perhaps he's also obedient to God.
When God says something to, he doesn't say to God, oh my God, I was just thinking about him.
God, you know my thoughts.
I don't have to say it.
I don't think I'm the one you want to use.
He was obedient.
Obedience is the key.
May you be obedient.
To convert many, many to righteousness.
Many, many to righteousness.
Many, many must be saved through you.
2020, many should be saved through you.
Not because you are good.
Not because you have it all together.
not because you got first class.
You didn't get first class.
Don't tell us what you got.
Yes.
Because you are married.
Don't don't mock yourself by these things.
I must be married.
I must have a you see you you are weighed down.
You are rather weighed down by this beloved thing that you can't even serve God.
And God is also wondering who said who said you must have a
God bless you.
It's time to go home.
Stand to your feet.
Do you like James' version of the Great Commission?
We have the same passions and we must convert sinners.
When you convert a sinner, it is called salvation.
There's another name for converting a sinner, salvation.
You save a soul.
It's of assisting a sinner to hell.
Convert that soul.
It's of assisting the sinner.
As though what you have is not powerful or is not good enough,
As though what you have can be compromised on.
It's like it's okay.
No, you don't joke with her.
Convert that sinner.
Tell that sinner that you must be born again.
And you save a soul.
Maybe soul savers.
Savors of souls.
I said this year your sentence shall be packed.
And the packed ones will be overflowing.
Close your eyes and pray for yourself, the Lord.
Use me this year.
Use me this year with all my feelings, all my passions, all my thoughts, all my slip ups.
Use me, Lord.
Pray for yourself from the back to the front.
We are praying.
It's the first Sunday.
We are praying for ourselves.
We are praying.
We are committing ourselves to God.
This is your covenant at the beginning of the year.
That Lord, use me.
I want to be a soul winner.
This year, I want to convert sinners to you.
Sinners.
Pray for yourself.
Pray.
yourself.
This will be the year where you'll be a soul winner.
This will be the year where God will use you mightily.
This will be the year where God will be real to you and you'll be real.
Obeying God.
Trust in him.
Moving by faith.
or praying by faith.
Pray.
Speak to God.
Be praying.
Back.
We are praying to God.
We are praying for ourselves.
Be praying.
All over this room.
Let there be prayer.
Lord, let your will be done in us.
Let your will be done.
We want to be great commissioners.
Following your will.
Doing your will.
Seven you.
Your will of God.
Kaba Shibataya.
Pray.
Everywhere in this hall.
Be praying.
In 2020, your message, Lord,
Your message, Lord.
Your message to do your will.
To serve you.
To obey you.
To work for you.
To work harder than we've ever done.
To believe more.
To serve more.
To have more faith.
To be more obedient.
More obedient.
Ah, daba shiba kabata lava diva kapai.
Papa leba kaba tada leba kapa sanda.
Matanda lava daba kapa tasta.
Shaba leba handa.
Yay!
Mama lava diva kapai jataya.
Mama lava diva kapai toh satande.
Pray.
Pray through.
God's grace.
God's mercy.
His grace and his mercy.
Shall find you in the year 2020.
Shall keep you.
Shall sustain you.
Oh.
Help us, Lord.
Help us Lord.
In this year, help us.
Show us mercy.
Show us grace.
To serve you.
To work for you.
To work for you Lord.
To do your will.
To save souls Lord.
To convert sinners Lord.
Give us strength.
Give us grace.
Over our weaknesses.
Over our deficiencies.
Over our shortcomings, Lord.
Give us grace.
Give us strength.
Mahapatasaya.
Malaibha Kapatasaya.
Namah Vitu Labadiva Kapatasaya.
Let your Malaba, let your Malaba, let your Malaba, let your Malaba, let your Malaba, let your Malaba, let your Malaba, let your Malaba
Oh, God, help us, Lord.
Help us, Lord.
No weapon fashioned against you shall prosper.
You know, I wanted to pray one more time for yourself.
Make a personal prayer from yourself to God of how you want to be, what you want to see, help you need from Him.
this year.
Lord, help me in this situation.
Help me.
In this atmosphere of faith, in this presence, by your heads, close your eyes and begin to talk to him.
Talk to him.
Something, some things, whatever is on your heart, talk to him about it.
Besides soul winning, something else that's on your heart.
Speak to him about it.
He will hear you.
They would do it for you.
Yes, Lord.
Yes.
Thank you.
Talk to him.
Two things, three things, whatever.
Tell him.
Father, we thank you.
that every good gift, every perfect gift comes from you.
Please hear our prayer.
Please hear our cry.
Please hear our desires, Lord.
I pray, Lord, let every enemy be defeated.
Let every enemy of this church.
Let every enemy of this ministry
Let them be crushed Lord.
Let them be crushed O God.
Crush them O God for us.
That we may know peace.
That we may know growth.
That we may know multiplication Lord.
Let their tongue be twisted.
Amen.
for salvation and for your help.
Father, pray that every prayer here, Lord, every prayer of faith, Lord, is heard by you throughout this new year, Lord.
May we enjoy your grace.
May we enjoy your mighty hand, giving us direction.
giving us hope, giving us shelter, providing for us, Lord.
Thank you.
Thank you, Father, in Jesus' name.
Now, while every eye is closed, every head is bowed, if you are here, somebody invited you to church today, you want to say that, Pastor, pray with me.
I want to give my life to Jesus.
I feel far from God.
Every eye closed, every head bowed.
I want to give my life to Jesus today.
I don't want to go to hell when I die.
I want to go to heaven.
Pastor, please pray with me.
I need Jesus in my life.
I need Jesus.
I want my sins to be forgiven.
If you're here like that, you'll say, Pastor, pray with me.
I need Jesus in my life.
Very quickly, just lift up your right hand and I'll pray for you.
wherever you are.
Very quickly.
Just your right hand.
Pastor, pray with me.
I need Jesus.
God bless you.
I can see your hand.
You also want to join me.
Pastor, pray with me.
I need Jesus.
Keep it up.
I can see your hands.
You also want to join us.
I need Jesus.
I need Jesus in my life.
I want to be saved.
God bless you.
Just your right hand.
I need to be saved.
I need salvation.
Pastor, please pray with me.
I need Jesus.
Just your right hand and I'll pray with you.
And I'll pray with you.
God bless you all.
Now, if you have your hand lifted up, I want you to come out of your seats and come to me right here in the front.
Yes.
Come.
Wherever you are, come.
Come and join us right here in the front.
Come.
You want to give your life to Jesus today?
Come from wherever you are.
Wherever you are, come.
Yes, come.
We are waiting for you.
Come.
Come from wherever you are, come.
It's a good place to start the year.
A good place.
Church, give your life to Jesus.
It's a good starting point for you.
Come to Jesus.
Come to him.
Come.
Yes, there is room.
I'm waiting for you.
You want to come to Jesus today?
Come.
Maybe if you want to read, dedicate your life.
You're falling away.
You become weaker.
You want to start again on a good note.
Come very quickly.
You want to rededicate yourself.
You can join us.
It's a good day.
A good time to come to Jesus.
Come very quickly.
There is room.
Close your eyes, everybody.
Let's say this prayer together, especially those in front.
Say this prayer with me.
Say heavenly Father.
Thank you for today.
Thank you for Jesus who died for me on the cross of Calvary and rose up on the third day.
Now say, Lord Jesus, please come into my heart.
Say, say, Lord Jesus, please come into my heart.
Please come and live in me.
From today, I will serve you.
Heavenly Father, please write my name in the book of life.
Say, I'll no longer serve Satan.
I belong to Jesus.
Thank you Father for accepting me and making me a child of yours.
In Jesus name.
Amen.
Father pray for these ones.
Mercy Lord.
Mercy to recover.
Everything the enemy has stolen.
May they have their joy back.
May they have peace back Lord.
Give them peace.
Give them blessings.
Give them strength.
Give them hope, Lord.
Bless your people, Lord.
Let them be blessed, Lord.
Let them be strengthened.
Let them be encouraged.
Let them be encouraged, oh God.
I pray, Lord, for encouragement, for hope, Lord.
Thank you for your blessing and thank you for your help.
In Jesus' name, amen.
Amen.
Oh, say a good amen.
God bless you.
At the close of service, we just see you briefly.
Where to my left or right?
This side.
Okay.
When we share the grace, that's the close of service.
Just make it over here.
We'll talk to you briefly before you go home.
God bless you.
May go back to your seats.
Come for them.
Communion, isn't it?
Communion, yes, communion.
Take, eat, this is my body that was broken for you.
Drink, this is my blood that was shed for you.
Whoever eats my flesh and drinks my blood,
has eternal life.
For my flesh is meat indeed and my blood is drink indeed.
The cup of blessing which we bless is the communion of the blood of Christ.
The bread which we break is the communion of the body of Christ.
Oh, this is the meal, the holy meal of God.
It will sustain you.
It will give you life when I see the blood.
Oh, yes, I will pass.
On a long journey, for 40 days and 40 nights, Elijah needed supernatural strength.
Thank you for the blessedness of receiving the communion.
Lord, this year, let the blood answer for us throughout the year, Lord, throughout the months from January through to December.
May the blood speak on our behalf.
May the blood answer on our behalf.
May the blood preserve us, protect us, shield us, Lord.
Let it speak, O God.
Let the blood of Jesus speak on our behalf, Lord.
Let it speak messy.
Let, O God, the blood cover us in everything that we do.
Thank you, Lord.
A blessed recap and a blessed rebrand, Lord.
And I declare, this is the body of Christ and this is the blood of Jesus.
Thank you Father for covering him for a blessing.
The body of Christ, eat it.
The blood of Jesus, drink all of it.
Thank you, Father, for answered prayer.
In Jesus' name, amen.
Amen.
God bless you and happy new year.
Take your seats.
Wow, I'm sure you have been blessed by that message.
I certainly have been blessed and it was incredible for everybody watching today.
I'm sure you're wondering that you want to listen to this message again and how can you do so?
Well, I'm pleased to let you know that this message will be available on our Facebook page.
So head on over to Facebook.
Click on our video section and this live service will be available from beginning to end.
So you can enjoy all of the wonderful ministrations, you can listen to the preaching again and your life will surely be blessed.
You can also share the link with your friends and family members so that they can also watch and be blessed by the service.
Why not also subscribe to the First Love Church UK podcast so you can listen to this message and all other messages preached by our pastor, Bishop Richard Iey.
You can download the podcast on your phone or your tablet and listen at home or on the go so that you can always be blessed by wonderful and anointed preaching.
Next Sunday, we'll be right here again at the Kia Oval from 1.30pm and I would love to see you there.
So if you're in the area, head on down to the Kia Oval from 1.30pm, come along with a friend or a family member and you will certainly be blessed.
I can't wait to see you there.
Have a blessed week.
We hope that you've been blessed by this message.
For more information, follow us on social media.
Search for First Love Church London on Facebook and YouTube and First Love UK on Twitter and Instagram.
Have a blessed week.